Binary blobs: Multiple tweaks and documentation (#49194)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/contribute/bin_blobs.rst

Two potential examples are Git repositories and web servers managed by
individual hardware vendors.

The Zephyr Project does not host binary blobs in its Git repositories or
anywhere else.

Fetching blobs
==============

Blobs are fetched from official third-party sources via a :ref:`west extension
command <west-blobs>`, which users can run to this effect. The extension command

> implementation is hosted in the main zephyr repository.  This is required to

Reviewer: Remove extra space:
```suggestion
implementation is hosted in the main zephyr repository. This is required to
```

give the project overall control over the mechanism used to fetch the blobs.

The blobs themselves must be specified in the :ref:`module.yml
<modules-bin-blobs>` files included in separate Zephyr :ref:`module
repositories <modules>` maintained by their respective vendors.  This means that

> in order to submit a binary blob to the upstream Zephyr distribution, a module

Reviewer: This may cause confusion, as it could give the impression that the binary blob itself is submitted, but we just stated above that Zephyr project doesn't host binary blobs.

Maybe make it clearer that it's a reference to the binary blob that is submitted.

- License text applicable to the blob or a reference to such text, in SPDX
  format

See the :ref:`corresponding section <modules-bin-blobs>` for a more formal
definition of the fields.

> The :ref:`west extension command <west-blobs>` used to fetch blobs accepts
> command line arguments that allow the user to select the module or modules
> to fetch blobs from, as well as obtaining information and metadata on available
> blobs. This is required for user control and a uniform user experience

Reviewer: how about:
```suggestion
The :ref:`west extension command <west-blobs>` can be used to list metadata on available blobs
and to download blobs from user selected modules.
```

Author: Nice, I took it.

> blobs. This is required for user control and a uniform user experience
> regardless of the blob vendor.

Reviewer: Is this important in order to understand how it works ?
```suggestion
blobs.
```

Author: I don't think it hurts to have the info.

> The west extension only fetches and stores the binary blobs themselves. Any

Reviewer: Maybe just:
```suggestion
 The west extension fetches and stores the binary blobs. Any 
```

it's given implicit with the following information that it doesn't do more than that

Author: I disagree here, I want to make it very clear that the tool only deals with the blobs. I've changed the following sentence a bit though.
